=head2 mungeids

Programmatically munges the message IDs in the Message-ID and References
headers by adding a slash-separated list of newsgroups to which the
article is going to be posted, followed by a slash, to the beginning of
them if and only if they don't already begin with that string.

The purpose of this is for use with mailing lists to newsgroup gateways.
Since messages to multiple mailing lists may all have the same message ID,
and since the same mailing list may be gated to Usenet in multiple places,
the message IDs of incoming mailing list messages need to be munged in
some fashion before being passed on to Usenet.  Ideally, however,
threading should be preserved, and replies to mailing list messages from
other people on the mailing list won't refer to the munged message ID.
This module therefore applies the same munge to all of the message IDs in
the References header as well, in the hope of maintaining threading and
still getting message ID uniqueness.

If the message doesn't already have a Message-ID header, this module will
generate one.

Since an accurate Newsgroups header is needed to correctly munge the IDs,
this module should run after any modules responsible for generating that.
It should also run after the mailtonews module, since that module may
promote message IDs from In-Reply-To into References.

Crossposting in conjuction with using this module will probably not do
what you want.

mungeids takes no arguments or configuration directives and cannot fail.
